Week 1

I asked ClaudeAI to summarize what Research Data Pipeline Framework is. I asked specifically about data cleaning and validation, 
as well as how it might be automated with Python as the coding language and using automation tools such as Selenium or Playwright. 
Claude explained how orchestration is crucial in understanding the raw data gathered from the source, and transforming it into 
useful and readable information. I asked Claude a real world example of a research data pipeline and it responded with the COVID-19 
Genomic Surveillance pipeline, where laboratories across the globe monitored / monitor patients and upload genome data to databases 
along with metadata. Overall, Claude played a crucial part in further explaining what my group will be doing, and clarified some 
questions I had about what real world applications these skills will allow me to do.

My project group member Elijah Sherrick used AI to find out what the key components to Research Data Pipeline Framework are. From AI,
he learned that data sources, ingestion layer, processing/transformation, storage, distribution, monitoring, and orchestration are the
biggest key components to our topic. He used ClaudeAI as well to do this, and after learning about these components, he asked a few deeper
questions to comprehend it fully.

Link: https://claude.ai/share/7e55d9c9-b43c-4279-bf29-25b3eef818b0

Week 2

This week I missed lecture due to illness which presented an excellent opportunity to have a lengthy conversation with ClaudeAI. 
I redeemed the free year of Claude premium with my student email and decided to go all in by teaching it about myself and my 
background, establishing my skills and weaknesses. I made sure that it saves these things to memory so it will always remember 
the context of the situation, not mistakingly thinking I'm actually coding for a business or organization. Additionally, I asked Claude about
my illness, and it accurately diagnosed what it ended up being (common cold). So far I have been keeping up with using it and building
up the relationship with this AI tool. 

Week 3
9/28/2025

This week I used TerpAI to create a cover letter for an open internship position at Microsoft. I was instructed to use TerpAI
by my Professional Writing Professor, and to create my own cover letter without the help of AI and then compare the two. I 
was pleasantly surprised by TerpAI, as it produces a very good cover letter. The main drawback was that it included a lot of 
unneccessary info from my resume. Overall, AI helped me in that class and helped me to write a better cover letter.

Week 4
10/5/2025
This week I used ClaudeAI to help me study for my Astronomy exam. I gave it a bunch of the lecture notes as well as my
own notes that I took in class based on what topics the Professor said were important. Claude helped me out a ton
by giving me sample questions on what could be asked, as well as clarifying particularlu challenging material.

Week 5
10/10/2025
This week I used AI in several different ways, mainly in my personal life rather than educational. First of all,
I used Claude to help me decide what fantasy football players to start. I knew going in that Claude would respond very
factually with statistically correct choices, but I spoke to it a little more about potential breakout performances
and teams/players that are on the rise but the stats aren't there yet. In the end, I ended up doing very well
and won in most of my fantasy football leagues. I also asked AI some housekeeping questions like what chemicals I 
should use to clean a spill, as well as some laundry advice. Overall, definitely pleased with Claude in the personal and 
educational sense and have integrated into my life consistently.

Week 6
10/23/2025
This week I used AI in INST327. In this class we are learning SQL, and on the most recent assignment, before writing 
the query, we were instructed to use AI to try it first with limited context and details. Obviously, ChatGPT (the 
agent specified to be used) got it way wrong. The professor emphasized that it can't be depended on completely, and 
also mentioned that in real life, data is sensitive, so you can't just give it your whole dataset and have it write 
queries for you at risk of leaking data. Overall, it was interesting to see and hear how AI is used and will be used 
in that class, and I am prepared to have it help me learn SQL in addition to Python.

Week 7
11/1/2025
This week I used AI to help me study for two different exams. I used ChatGPT since it tends to be more reader friendly
and uses easy to understand terms. I inputted my study guides and some past assignments. ChatGPT gave me a ton of extra
elaboration on course concepts that I was iffy about, and then finally it gave me a better study guide where I would answer
the prompts and it would grade me based on the rubrics for the exams. Even though ChatGPT thinks differently than a professor
it still helped me figure out what areas of my writing were lacking, and it gave me even more questions based on the ones
I was getting wrong.

Week 8
11/9/2025
This week I used AI to help me with week 8 exercises. I ran into a few different issues when writing demos for the code that
I had programmed. It (ClaudeAI), was extremely helpful and made the exercises a lot simpler to understand. Other than that,
I didn't really use AI much this week except here and there for random questions. I feel that Claude is better at 
understanding what I am asking the more that I use it.

Week 9
11/15/2025
This week I used AI to help me understand my SQL homework in INST327. One of the questions 
required to ask AI to produce queries with limited context. The point was to see if AI 
would get the query commands correct without seeing the actual database information. Claude 
pretty much nailed it and I only had to edit it a little bit to produce the desired output. 
I also used it on the same assignment because one of my queries was outputting 117 rows 
when it was only supposed to output 114 and it helped me troubleshoot.
